Hours pass by and noon arrives. You start heading down to the cafeteria since it is lunchtime. 
While walking down the stairs you bump with someone who seems to be in a hurry. 
You realize that it is the same boy from earlier. 
He ignores you and continues walking upstairs without even offering an apology. 
As the boy goes upstairs you notice him holding something metal like but you cannot recognize what he is holding. 
A sinking feeling settles in your stomach. Something bad was going to happen. 
Sensations like these should not be ignored. What will you do?

*
Due to the accident that took place school was cancelled for the rest of the day. 
As a result, you had no choice but to go home.

*
While at home time passes by and late noon arrives. 
At this point in late noon, boredom forces you to prepare to go out for a walk. 
As you begin to get ready you begin hearing some loud thud sounds. 
The thud sounds seem to come from the back door of the house. 
Alarmed, as you should be, you take a closer look. 
The thud sounds get louder as you approach the back door. It seems someone was trying to break in. Without haste you dial 911 and explain the situation. 
The begin to ask too many questions which you are unable to answer as the thuds intensify. 
Somehow though, you are able to give them your address before the thief finally makes it past the back door. 
You quickly distance yourself from the back door and make your way towards the kitchen. 
However, the thief catches up to you and you find yourself cornered. 
At this point there are only two options:
*
School finally ends and you get a moment to ponder on all that has taken place so far. 
One thing is for certain, due to your choices you stopped a tragedy from happening. 
Content with how the day went, despite it all, you make your way home.
*
While at home time passes by and late noon arrives. 
At this point in late afternoon, boredom gets the best of you. 
However, you know that Lars will arrive soon. 
As you get ready to receive him you begin to hear loud thuds. 
Alarmed, as you should be, you begin to investigate. The loud thuds come from the back door. 
It became clear to you someone was trying to break in. 
Without haste you dial Lars and explain the situation. 
Lars begins to ask too many questions which you are unable to answer as the thuds intensify. 
Eventually the thief makes it past the back door. 
You hang up, quickly distance yourself from the back door, and make your way towards the kitchen. However, the thief catches up to you and you find yourself cornered. 
At this point there are only two options: