You walk past them and head for class. You hear him screaming I will kill you all! from far away. 
As you ignore him, you go on to your last class. 
Just minutes before class ends, gunshots are heard and people are screaming. 
You go and check outside. Panic and confusion embrace you. 
While you are in shock, you see the boy holding a gun. He points at you and fires a shot. 
Your death is evident. The moment you blink, you find yourself experiencing deja vu.
*
You successfully stop the bullying by resorting to blackmailing. 
You and the boy get acquainted. His name is Lars. 
You invite Lars to come by your place around late noon and solidify your new friendship. 
He becomes your new friend and   you go to your final class. 
School ends and you start heading home. Time passes by and late noon arrives. 
Lars could knock at any second and you hear what seems to be knocking. 
You go open the door, but no one is there. 
You hear similar sounds again, but this time you can tell they are coming from the back door of the house. 
Someone was trying to get in. What will you do? 
*
You approach the back door. You open the door and a tall clown startles you. 
You fall on the floor and he launches himself with a colored knife at you. 
You stop his hand, but the knife slowly goes down to your chest. 
Your death is evident, but the moment you blink you find yourself experiencing deja vu.
*
You turn off the power of the house. Now, whoever it is will have to move along the darkness. 
You know your house like the back of your hand. You begin to hear footsteps and see a flashing light. The light gives his position away. 
What  is your next move? 
*
You wait after the figure holds the flashlight is far enough for you to be able to hit directly from behind. 
Before you are able to deliver your hit, a loud fart escapes. 
It blows your cover immediately. The flashlight turns to blind you. 
Next thing you know, you feel a knife going through your chest. 
Your death is evident, but the moment you blink you find yourself experiencing deja vu. 
*
You send Lars a quick text saying what is going on. 
He replies saying I am coming to help you. You slowly start heading towards the back door. 
Before you reach the back door, one of the planks makes a loud noise. 
After you realize that  something horrible will happen, you start to run outside. 
As you look back, a clown appears from the darkness with a colored knife. 
Before he catches up to you, Lars uses his gun to scare away the clown. 
The clown retreats instantly. You thank him for saving your life. 
After getting to know each other, you decide to walk with Lars. 
As the night gets older, you both pass by a party. Do you go in?
*
After giving it some thought, you decide it is best if you keep walking with Lars. 
As you both dive into different topics within your conversation, the topic of deja vu comes up. 
Lars seems to be fascinated with this phenomenon, but you find it hard enough to be a coincidence. 
You sense something is wrong. 
Before you get to speak to Lars, you must cross an intersection. 
During the moment you and Lars turn around, they saw a truck that is loudly honking. 
You died from a truck crash. The moment you blink you find yourself experiencing deja vu.
*
You both walk in the party. The age groups seem to be about the same. 
There is house, electro, and dubstep music playing back and forth. 
You and Lars try to blend in with the crowd. 
Everything seems cool until you see a bunch of people  dressed like the KKK walk in. 
You start asking around who are those hooded people. 
One guy tells you they are the ones who are holding the party. 
You ask him, Why the KKK style though? 
He answered, "They represent a cult and this party  is to spread their influence." 
What is your first thought? 
*
As you are freaked out, you begin looking for Lars. You can not seem to find him. 
While you are distracted, you got grabbed from your arms by two hooded people. 
These two hooded freaks begin to forcefully drag you towards the entrance ofwhat it looks to be a basement. 
Nobody bothers to pay attention to what was happening. 
Once in the basement, they tell you about their sacrifice. 
You already know what was going to happen... Your death is evident. 
The moment you blink,  you find yourself experiencing deja vu.
*
You blend in with the crowd successfully. From a safe distance, you keep track of their movements. Eventually, the hooded people disappear through a door. 
You follow and make sure no one notices. 
The door leads down to what it seems to  be a basement. 
You make your way down and come across another door. 
Behind this door, you can hear voices talking in unison and a singular voice screaming for help. 
This sign made it clear that there was something going on behind that   door. What is your best bet? 
*
You spend a couple of minutes trying to figure out how to open the door. 
Unfortunately, you can not seem to get it open. 
You decide to go and get Lars to see if he can help. 
Before you get to exit the basement, two more hooded people come through the door. 
They bring you in through the door and you see a girl tied up with candles around her. 
It seemed like a ritual was taking place. One hooded man looked at you and said another sacrifice. 
Your death was evident and  you knew what to do. Blink. Deja vu happens. 
*
You quickly exited the basement and made your way towards the streets where the noise was not loud. 
You dialed the police and gave them the necessary details. 
After you reported the noise, you made sure to find Lars before the police arrived. 
After a couple of minutes, the police arrived and it crashed the party. 
They found and apprehended the cult members. 
It seems they were doing a ritual on someone and thanks to you that life was saved. 
Now that the party was over, you and Lars decided to have a small conversation before you go your separate ways. 
Lars makes the remark, What a crazy day has been? What is your response?
*
Lars: Really?
You: Yea, but that explanation is for another day, Lars. Take care man.
Lars: Same. Have a good night. Oh no, wait! Happy Saturday morning!
*
Lars: Really?
You: Yea, but that explanation is for another day, Lars. Take care man.
Lars: Same. Have a good night. Oh no, wait! Happy Saturday morning!